Master my baby
It is a well-deserved national treasure
Nothing else.
How did you get here?
You didn't bring the rice bucket over again, did you?
You're right.
What are you doing?
No wonder there is a stench in this house.
Absorb water and drink night pearls, feel uncomfortable
But Dad can't go crazy
Did you go crazy?
Master Bai will know after appraisal in a while.
Since it is an election voyage and a national treasure, everyone can participate
Bring anything, boy, bring it up
Hey
Boy, is this just an ordinary dung bucket?
Xiao Liang opened his mouth wide
I am urinating Master Huang today, please take a closer look.
There is a universe in it
What are you looking at?
Master Bai has made a conclusion and still doesn't give up
This is just normal dirt.
Look no further.
Take it down, boy
The shoes you want to get rich in
I can understand.
But it can't be whimsical.
Do you hear me?
The master told you to stop dreaming
I exchange dung for night pearls
I'm the smartest person in the world
What kind of master am I?
So that was it.
Bridge you are talking nonsense
Let's go now
You are so brave
Apologize to the master quickly
Or I'll tear your mouth apart
Boy, I advise you to be pleasing to the eye
Boy, you don't want to fall to the ground, do you?
Oops, watch less TV, it's all fake
The wood shattered when it was dropped
Okay, I'll open your eyes today.
Ah Qiao Liang, you are crazy, he is crazy
In this bucket
Somebody kick him out